docs(lambda): update handler docs (#7048)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/platforms/faas/lambda-auto-instrument.md

### Configure `AWS_LAMBDA_EXEC_WRAPPER`

Change the entry point of your application by setting

> `AWS_LAMBDA_EXEC_WRAPPER=/opt/otel-handler` for Node.js, Java, or Ruby, and Python.
> This wrapper script will invoke your Lambda application with the automatic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`AWS_LAMBDA_EXEC_WRAPPER=/opt/otel-handler` for Node.js, Java, Ruby, or Python.
This wrapper script invokes your Lambda application with the automatic
```
